Moved decap sub test cases from TE-18.1 README to a seperate directory (#3673)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/gribi/otg_tests/mpls_decap/README.md

# PF-1.7 MPLS Decapsulation

Create a policy-forwarding configuration using gNMI to decapsulate MPLS
in GRE and UDP packets which are sent to a loopback address and apply to
the DUT.

## Topology

* [`featureprofiles/topologies/atedut_2.testbed`](https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/main/topologies/atedut_2.testbed)

## Test setup

TODO: Complete test environment setup steps

inner_ipv6_dst_A = "2001:aa:bb::1/128"
inner_ipv6_dst_B = "2001:aa:bb::2/128"
inner_ipv6_default = "::/0"

ipv4_inner_dst_A = "10.5.1.1/32"
ipv4_inner_dst_B = "10.5.1.2/32"
ipv4_inner_default = "0.0.0.0/0"

outer_ipv6_src =      "2001:f:a:1::0"
outer_ipv6_dst_A =    "2001:f:c:e::1"
outer_ipv6_dst_B =    "2001:f:c:e::2"
outer_ipv6_dst_def =  "2001:1:1:1::0"
outer_dst_udp_port =  "6635"
outer_dscp =          "26"
outer_ip-ttl =        "64"

## Procedure

> ### TE-18.1.3 - MPLS in GRE decapsulation set by gNMI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PF-1.7.1 - MPLS in GRE decapsulation set by gNMI
```

Canonical OpenConfig for policy forwarding, matching IP prefix with action
decapsulate in GRE. # TODO: Move to dedicated README

> ```yaml

Reviewer: This now needs to be converted to JSON format (sorry, policy changed in https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/pull/3336)

openconfig-network-instance:
  network-instances:
    - network-instance: "DEFAULT"
      afts:
        policy-forwarding:
          policies:
            policy: "default decap rule"
              config:
                policy-id: "default decap rule"
                type: PBR_POLICY
              rules:
                rule: 1
                  config:
                    sequence-id: 1
                  ipv6:
                    config:
                      destination-address: "decap_loopback_ipv6"
                  action:
                    decapsulate-mpls-in-gre: TRUE             # TODO: add to OC model/PR in progress

> ```

Reviewer: Add the procedure steps here for PF-1.7.1 . (they are similar to PF-1.7.2, but for GRE)

> ### TE-18.1.4 - MPLS in UDP decapsulation set by gNMI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### PF-1.7.2 - MPLS in UDP decapsulation set by gNMI
```

Canonical OpenConfig for policy forwarding, matching IP prefix with action
decapsulate MPLS in UDP.  # TODO: Move to dedicated README

> ```yaml

Reviewer: json here too

openconfig-network-instance:
  network-instances:
    - network-instance: "DEFAULT"
      afts:
        policy-forwarding:
          policies:
            policy: "default decap rule"
              config:
                policy-id: "default decap rule"
                type: PBR_POLICY
              rules:
                rule: 1
                  config:
                    sequence-id: 1
                  ipv6:
                    config:
                      destination-address: "decap_loopback_ipv6"
                  action:
                    decapsulate-mpls-in-udp: TRUE 
```

* Push the gNMI the policy forwarding configuration
* Push the configuration to DUT using gnmi.Set with REPLACE option
* Configure ATE port 1 with traffic flow
  * Flow should have a packet encap format : outer_decap_udp_ipv6 <- MPLS label <- inner_decap_ipv6
* Generate traffic from ATE port 1
* Validate ATE port 2 receives the innermost IPv4 traffic with correct VLAN and inner_decap_ipv6

## OpenConfig Path and RPC Coverage

```yaml
paths:

>   # Paths added for TE-18.1.3 - MPLS in GRE decapsulation set by gNMI

Reviewer: update the descriptions to match the new test ids
